`Why Joe Flys Planes (“prolog-y”)`  
`Joe Generates a page via a printer, the paper said “Hear Ye Hear Ye! I The Paper hereby prohibited the use of cheese when applied to potato”.`  
`This deters Bill from going to the restaurant, so Joe is forced to justify his paper printed. For the supreme court did not approve of his actions. At cort Joe implies that he will pay the judge 1000000 moneys to not go to jail. And the conveyed information did not inform the judge of the bribery, because the culture for court did not allow the judge to take the moneys. It is evident that Joe is going to be sued by Bill. Joe is strangely reluctant to be ushered off to jail. Though perhaps the criminal joe (because he isn’t allowed to cheese on potatoes) shan’t be sent to jail, for the document wasn’t legally binding. Joe hires a new lawyer to allow him to create an intricate system allowing him to ignore the judges “judgings”. And so Jeff was only punished to fly a plane over the water everyday until he payed of the crime of which he did commit. Jeff enjoyed flying air boats, so he readily agreed to join the air boat helpers helpings.`

`Second Set:`  
`Joe Pondered`  
`Joe used his skills to determine that he must resolve the bewildering problem thrust upon himself, so indeed he navigated the seas of the mind, ponder he did for a time untold, he doth persist even still. The enigma he pondered was a turbulent wind, as the plane douth wobble. Joe must calibrate the stabilizer to preserve his life. After joes pondering, He distorts the beliefs of the crew to lie to them, indeed, distorted in such a way as to lul the crew into a false sense of safety. After sometime the ship of air collided with the water below, submerging nearly seven hundred feet under the surface, the crew panics as Joe fails to calm the crew who were hysterical. After the ship surfaces, the crew's fear is suppressed by Joe and the co-pilot(jeff), they must persist upon the waters or they will indeed parish. Joe and the crew row the remains of the air boat to the shore of a small, uninhabited, unpleasant, unworth of residents island. On which Joe glimpses a tree, Joe doesn’t want to hit the tree, so he doesn’t run into the tree. Instead he eradicated the tree to avoid colliding with said tree. Joe recalibrated his foot, thus allowing him to dodge the tree (that he eradicated) walst moving at a speedy 14 miles per hour. Joe Dodged the tree. But the move forced him to collide with the 900LB rock. Joe now perceives that it would be better to hit the tree and not the rock. Joe distorted his perception to allow him to cope with the fact the he isn’t able to walk any more. Jeff walks over to Joe and eradicates the problem of the broken leg. How did he do this? Well you see he simply chopped off the leg! Now it doesn’t hurt! Joe might not persist after this, so he is forced to take a lonnnng nap. This was negative for the general moral of the crew. Without Joe the crew is unable to navigate the tiny island (because they all have the int stat of a toddler.), they are likely to all get lost without Joe. This bewildered the crew, then were unable to comprehend the loss of Joe’s leg. So they integrate Jeff to infer the meaning of Joe’s missing leg. Joe persists, and does die. After about 4 years Joe was able to walk again. The crew has been reduced down to only 90% of the original crew. “We have lost Jim, Jeorry, and Jimmy the First” The Dead crew was submerged under the waters to get rid of the problem of rot and sickness. After the prior events conclude, Jeff attempts to obtain an egg from a cheese goblin, it was highly precarious due to the ledge of the cliff on which the cheese goblin laid its only egg. Jeff fell and then splashed into the water. He must navigate all the way to the shore or he will parish. But there was a Luminous Fish, so Jeff grabbed the egg(he knocked it off the ledge when he fell). He perceived that it would be very difficult to catch the fish. The fish was an enigma. Jeff submerges underneath the water to catch the Luminous Fish. Jeff fails, Jeff is running low on air, he doesn’t have long left under the water.`  
`Jeff isn’t very inconspicuous as he flounders to the surface of the water, the water is foaming and Jeff isn’t drowning anymore. As Jeff drifts towards the shore, he ponders the water physics at play in this environment, perhaps there is a way to escape across the water surrounded island.`   
`Jeff Pondered`  
`Jeff returns to the others at the small camp, now that the crew has lived on this small island for a short four years, there were quite a few buildings made of mud and cheese goblin egg slime, that mixes into a cement type thing, then adding the egg shells, it becomes concrete. Jeff walked to the house made by Joe the caption of the sailing trips to collect Luminous Fishes. Joe said that soon the fish would migrate to the south side of the small island and they wouldn’t be able to collect nearly as may fish each mouth, probably like 7 instead of 12. Jeff is concerned and so he ponders the water as he did back when he was swimming to collect cheese goblin eggs. Jeff realizes that he can use the remains of the air boat as a water boat with only a few changes to the boat in general. Jeff must remove the solid steel bird arms and bird tail, then must remove the roof of the air boat, then must reuse the bird arms of the air boat to fix the see through parts of the air boat. The only problem is that jeff is unable to cut solid steel bird arm, that’s not even mentioning the bird tails or roofs. So Jeff enlisted the slavery of the local unsmart people, namely Jeryy, Jerry, Jeery, and Jjery. Jeery uses the piece of wood carved into the shape of a welding iron to burn the steel arms off the air boat. Jjery uses a Luminous Fish as a sword to chop off the air boats roof. Jerry uses a cheese goblin club to melt the steel to the correct locations. Jeryy uses a significant amount of sand particles to smell off the air boats bird tail. And Jeff supervises as he helps in the construction and deconstruction of the new water boat.`   
`Now that Jeff has a “high quality” water boat, he is able to push it for seven hours a day to put the water boat in the water with the fish, this will let the dwindling crew catch up to 8 Luminous Fish a week, even in the south waters. Jeff jumps into the water boat, it only sinks a small amount. Jeff yells to the unsmart crew (the Jerys) who push the water boat further into the south water. The Luminous Fishes gather around the water boat, the fishes are internist in the water boat. Jeff ponders for a few seconds. Then Jeff realizes that he doesn’t have any ways to get back to the small island. Jeff is bewildered, how will he sail back to the small jail? Joe looks across the south water towards Jeff, who calls towards Joe for help. Joe doesn’t know how to build a boat, or how to navigate the south water without one. The Luminous Fishes have been planning to eradicate the people on the island because they are eating all the fishes. So with Jeff being on the south water, it is a very precarious location to be. Jeff resolved that the only way to persist is to push the south waters with his hands. Jeff has a glimpse of safety before the Luminous Fishes attacked. The Luminous Fishes attempt to submerge the boat. The water around Jeff is turbulent, due to the paddling of his hands. The Luminous Fishes distort the shell of the water boat, the water boat begins to submerge. Joe is rather immersed as he watches Jeff begin to sink. Poor Jeff is starting to be afraid. Joe remembers the ropes he made three years ago, he is vigilant as he runs to pull Jeff back to safety. Jeff has lost all hope. Jeff then realizes that the boat is being pulled back onto land. Jeff is able to steer the water boat, he navigates the sharp rocks. As the Luminous Fish attack the water boat, the water boat hits the bottom of the waters. Fortunately though, the water boat hit the sandy shore. Jeff stepped ashore. The fish were no longer docile. Either the crew would find a new source of food, or they would have to research a better acquisition method for Luminous Fish.`  
`Jjery Pondered.`   
`Jjery had been tasked with investigating the Luminous Fish behavior. The Luminous Fish swim around the south water, then the east water and back again. With this in mind, Jjery was able to get a good look at the underwater plants whilst the Luminous Fish were on the east side.  Jjery learns that the Luminous Fish feed upon a strange sug straight in a plant known as water bush, water bush if left for longer than a year grows into a glowing water tree. The Luminous Fishes trim the water trees keeping them from growing too big, Jjery noticed a few water bushes had not been trimmed in a long time. Jjery let this idea ponder in the back of his mind for the rest of the day, Jjery walked to the east side just after the Luminous Fishes had departed. He found a rather similar setting as before, though this side of the waters was far, far more trimmed. Jjery realized that the Luminous Fishes must eat the water bushes, and that was why they glew. Jjery then ponder something more ponderable. Why did the Luminous fish have to stop the water trees from growing? Jjery ran back to the south waters, and there he found his answer. The water bushes wheren’t bushes at all. But instead they where the tops of the heads of giant abounga-moungs.`  
`If these where freed it would cause a large problem for the peoples on the big island. Jjery determined that it would be very bad if any more Luminous Fishes where removed from this ecosystem. Jjery quickly walked to the crew. After telling of the new found problem, Jjery realized that he still haden’t found a better method of sustaining the crews hunger and well-being. Jjery walked up the large hill at the west side of the small island. There he found what had been reported by Jeff and Joe to the rest of the crew. There is Cheese Goblin at the top of the large hill, upon the small island. Jjery spent the rest of his day watching the nearly empty nest. Jjery ponder, perhaps for the last time. The Cheese Goblin flew in from across the north waters. The Cheese Goblin saw Jjery, Jjery is still pondering. The Cheese Goblin swops, and prepares to land. Jjery finds the solution. The Cheese Goblin lands, Jjery falls from the large hill, he rolls. Jjery is saved by a local cloud. Jjery lands softly on the ground, ready to ponder once again.`

`Janithon Pondered`

`What he pondered he knew not, for as he thought the time did fly, away from a bewildered mind. Janithon did sit beneath a dying tree, not unlike a sight known to you or me. Vigilant did he seek the truths unknown. For tasked to find a solution to a truly turbulent time, Janithon sat and pondered even still. as people rioted around him, Janithon Pondered still. To find his truth a question to answer, the solution he must find. For the island's food now hostile still,  the crew upon endangered now.  For food is scarce and food to find, depleted down to but three eggs from the Goblin of Cheese and single luminous fish. Janithon Ponders still, and as he does the thought of food seeps into his mind, impossible to banish the hunger still with him, indeed he suppresses the thought. Now Janithon was able to Ponder, uninterrupted. As he thought, a strange sound reverberated around, a cloud of mist did break the fall of climber of the mountain. Janithon ignore all around as he Pondered his ideas. he did submerge into his mind, a puddle of infinite wonder, And there did find his resolve begin to fault and crumble. In this state, precarious of mind he truly could begin to ponder. He then preserved the problem a new, as he could continue to think. with noise all around, his mind did ignore as the counsel did speak of freedom. To persist on the the island or to leave on a whim, what path would lead to safety of crew. To navigate waters of norther direction or to stay under torment of food. The crew did speak of freedom and greed, but what of the mind that pondered still? The ideas of freedom though great and grand would be stamped out by a simple minded fool, this fool in fact was Joe of all. The Fool who landed the boat of skys. Joe stated that this would be very hard, his thought did align with the fears of all. An enigma was the waters, The Fish alone could sink a boat. What would the crew do, if on the ship, they sank to the waters deep grave? The fears of all now high as a fly could not be calmed nor swatted from the sky. Conscious was the fight, for good and right, against fear of fright. All could see and all could hear, but one alone, sat under a tree. "but the water boat is broken" one cried "how ever will we mind the tear set in place of the monstrous fish?" The other concur, and true they were, to celebrate the solid steal, to set at right what had been bent to wrong? How could it be done with nothing in hand? Janithon then acted not, regret and pains eradicated not. To distorted the views of the crew, As Joe had does near five years ago. Again to distort and manipulate Joe did weave his lies of fear and fate. Janithon did arise no more, as blighting the sounds, his did persist to ponder still a resolve met nearly here. A glimpse of truth, a way to freedom, The water north did hold. Immersed Janithon was in thought, not deed. Up he must rise, and intuition to speak, to cast a light on Joe's deceate. As Janithon stood, his pondering compeat. he did shout a work to all. "Behold!" he said "a path to freedom I have found, it may be dangerous, indeed death might ensue.  But listen all and head of word, for behold a path has been Pondered" And as he recounted his plan, the daring people of the crew emerged and came forth. They rushed to the waters as the last fish was gone. A boat not seen to carry to safety.`

`Jimothy Pondered.`  
`Jimothy watched as Jjery fell from the cloud, why didn’t Jjery get hurt on the way down. The large hill, was very large. The Cheese Goblin had nocked Jjery off the top of the large hill. Why did the cloud save Jjery now, and not during the air boat’s fall? Could Jimothy convince Cloud to save the crew from the small island, with an even smaller food supply? Jimothy Pondered this as he sat, near crushed by the cloud fall of Jjery. Joe, Jeff and the other Jery’s where interrogating Jjery about his finding. Did Jjery know the way to freedom? Jimothy softly complained from under Jjery, only then did the others realizes that Jjery’s chair was in fact Jimothy. Jjery apologized politely. Jimothy was not bothered in the slightest. Jimothy continued to ponder. The crew spoke quite loudly. Jimothy couldn’t ponder with the noise, he moved outside. Jimothy did his best to ponder. He continued to ponder, and ponder he did, for the space of three days. After this time, Jimothy stod, took the last luminous fish that the others had been about to split evenly, sat down and continued pondering. The Crew remaining (the Jery’s, Joe, Jeff, Jell, and Janithon(Jan for short!!!)) looked at Jimothy, blinked a few times in shock, and then proceed to run to the forbidden waters, the North Water. Jimothy Finished His Ponderings. Jeff Finished His Ponderings, Joe Finished His Pondering, The Jery’s Finished Their Pondering, Janithon Finished his Pondering, and Jell Never Pondered Anything To Begin With. All together the remaining crew ran to the forbidden North Waters.`  
